# Plotting Scripts for Multi-Ion Modules Publication #
Plotting Scripts for the multi-ion Module Method paper

Below are the descriptions of the Python scripts contained in this package: 

### 1. cie_asplund
This script plots the ion fraction of collisional ionization equilibrium
as a function of temperature for a given solar elemental abundance 
provided by Asplund et al. (2009).

### 2. cie_eatson
This script plots the ion fraction of collisional ionization equilibrium 
as a function of temperature for a given elemental abundance of 
Wolf-Rayet-Carbon, consistent with that reported in Eatson et al. (2022).

### 3. cooling_function
This script plots the cooling function for two different elemental 
abundances: solar abundance (Asplund et al. (2009)) and Wolf-Rayet-Carbon 
abundance (Eatson et al. (2022)). It also visualizes the cooling function 
contributions of individual elements as well as the net contribution. 
Furthermore, it provides a comparison of the net cooling functions attributed
to solar abundance, Wolf-Rayet-Carbon abundance, and the original cooling 
data from Asplund et al. (2009).

### 4. adibatic_flow_struc
Generate a comparison plot for low and high-resolution chemical profiles in 
the vicinity of the shock for the adiabatic flow.

### 5. adiabatic_ion_profile
Generate a comparison plot for low (1024) and high-resolution (10240) chemical profiles in 
the vicinity of the shock.

### 6. non-adiabatic_flow_analysis
This script plots flow quantities and ionization profiles for the 
non-adiabatic shock test case. The plots re generated to compare the effects 
of the cooling function on density and the cooling timescale.

### 7. non-adiabatic_ion_SiSFe
This script generates plots comparing the non-adiabatic ionization fraction
of silicon (Si), sulfur (S), and iron (Fe) behind the plane shock for inflow 
velocities of 1000 km/s and 3000 km/s.

### 8.charge_exchange_compare
This script compares the ionization profile of oxygen behind the planar shock
with and without charge-exchange reactions enabled. Additionally, it generates
temperature profiles for both cases.

### 9. HII_region
Multi-ion-module-publication: The script plot the HII-region temperature and
ionisation profile for the HII40 Lexington Benchmark

# Multi-ion Module MPv10 Testing Scripts #

### 1. test_xsection
Plot the comparison between the photoionization cross-section generated by PION
and the original fit formula.

### 2. convertA2X
This script converts the abundance of chemical species into the corresponding 
mass fractions and presents mass fractions from its database.

### 3. mellema-chianti-comparer
This script compares the Mellema lookup table and the Chianti lookup table
generated by the PION microphysics module.

### 4. ionization_flow_mapper
A debug tool for the MPv10 module, enables the visualization of temperature, 
density, and hydrogen ionization profiles throughout all planar shock tests and 
wind-wind interaction simulations. This script reads all the Silo files within the 
source directory, generated by PION, and plots the corresponding flow and 
ionization profiles for each instance of time (each Silo file).

### 5. cx_reaction_rate
Plot the charge exchange reaction rate as a function of temperature for 
all reactions in the pion lookup table. This data is generated by pion from the
original fit formula in debug mode in the MPv10.cpp file